hello my good today with joy
filmed you a video about hairstyles and
fasten actually used to think that
the comb is so certain
grandmothers accessory but more recently i
I managed to appreciate it on its worth
really amazing thing which
allows you to make strong lungs and very
elegant hairstyles in a short time and
will not just hold on forever
so if you are interested in good
welcome so first of all to us
I just need your favorite
hair comb
elastic rubber and ridges I will choose
This one with cars is not because more
just like before you start
create hairstyle be sure to comb
full length hair to avoid
every kind of confusion Well, now I
turn your back on you
permissions to make it easier for you to see
what i am actually going to create myself
on the head and so on we collect hair in
tail about average height and
Now you understand why on it
collect hair tail and start
spin the harness directing it down
and hold your hand
hostal look in this position
necessarily on those movements that I
I do a fixing comb because if
you try to do something else
you probably just will not work it
securely i fix a little bit about
tilted to be so easy
romantic guys on style and me very
like that part was look
nothing sticks out in front
hairstyle holds tight and in my opinion
just looks great
and now I’ll show you some others
options for exactly the same hairstyle just
mixed like from clay
the location is this version of the tail
this side does not even want to floor
french snail probably i would so
became half a French pack and
notice that it gives the opportunity to the bottom
take all your hair does not interfere and you
not so hot anymore and if you make a harness
above, you will have a little length
shorter but nevertheless it seems to me
also so very distinctive and beautiful
if you decide to make this option
hairstyles on the comic your evening out
some of the dance because look
hairstyle beautifully very tightly
On now another option hairstyles I
also collect hair harness only
finished no 1 yok top and fasten it
in this position the ridge leaving the tips
hair upstairs and see for yourself now
what will give you here such an option
now my favorite hairstyle you collect
hair in ponytail secure elastic
elastic band but last chassis
crank you're pulling out hair not
until the end of the packs in the middle do
some holes and thrust there
actually all this mass of hair after
all you get is this
pocket it and fasten it
comb and trust me on will
keep as much as you want
the sign of la loca in this case is not
did not use any hairspray
gives neither apparently so if you
more stringent classic needed
a storm some neat style you
of course you can do this with ease
edit also time it
great way to like that
and decorate your hair like
truth tail some kind of spit ice like in
this variant in the bundle
well that's all for today thank you so much
you for watching and for your likes and
comments and sincerity and me with
looking forward to them well and i say goodbye to
you up to new videos and see you on
channel also new twitter accounts
instagram
be happy be healthy and
take care of yourself and your loved ones for now